hi guys in this recipe video you will
learn how to make delicious spicy table
of style chicken curry perfect for that
is Father's Day for this recipe I'm
using bone-in chicken pieces about 1kg
it's your choice you can remove the skin
remove the fat or use them with it I'm
going to remove it so once the fat and
the skin has been removed set your
chicken pieces aside and in a wok go
ahead and add 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil
and in hot oil go ahead and add 1 TSP of
cumin seeds in these sizzling seeds we
are adding a 1 large chopped onion and
we are going to fry onion with the cumin
seeds with ginger-garlic paste and some
spices so along with onions 1 tablespoon
of ginger garlic paste
homemade and seasoning so salt should be
as per taste I think one teaspoon should
be sufficient 1/2 a teaspoon of turmeric
all healthy and dried red chillies 2 I'm
just gonna crush them with my hand and
put them in but if you want a milder
curry you can skip this step and you can
also use green chillies insist instead
of dried red chillies so mixing all the
components together fry for 3-4 minutes
and then go ahead and add your chicken
we are going to coat the chicken with
this masala mix it well together let it
seal let it turn white so mixing
everything well together and then we
gonna
add a little bit of curry powder or 1
TSP this is fresh homemade plant but you
can also use stone pot for a spicier
version you can use Madras curry powder
so Cory Padres in all the Tabas usually
have their own version so make your own
blend and add it in and 1 tablespoon of
tomato paste gives nice nice red color
to the curry so mixing the powder tomato
paste mixing all the ingredients and
then adding 1 cup to 2 cups of water
depending on how thick or thin you want
your curry to be so mix the water well
with other components and then let
everything come in together let your
chicken cook let it simmer once your
chicken is ready after about 15-20
minutes you can cut in and check it
should not be pink in the middle
so garnish it with cilantro leaves and
serve this delicious spicy chicken curry
with rice with naan with parantha with
flatbread of your choice so give this
recipe a try let us know how it turns
out for you and don't forget to
subscribe to eat East Indian channel for
more tasty food recipes